[Music]
first things first any man here wants to
walk away can do so knowing they're the
best of us it's gotta be now there is no
ground support energy to be sustained
we're walking out with make no mistake
about it you guys need to own the fact
that we do not have the flag on our
shoulder you cannot go back to your
normal life after tonight everything
we've done for the last 17 years nothing
to show for it
you've been shot five times for your
country and you can't even afford to
send your kids to college if we'd
accomplished half the things that we've
accomplished and any other profession we
set for life I'm your master
the question is do we finally get to use
our skills for our own benefit we're
gonna get Gabrielle on my team over half
he's got over 75 million dollars in cash
if we're not going forever after you
make your move we are dead we need to
hunt quickly
they will find us
it's always a little hard and you think
it's going to be
like that
is this not what I signed up for a lot
of people are gonna come after you so it
goes through
you
[Music]